README.rst, before:

======
Færeld
======

.. image:: http://scieldas.autophagy.io/rtd/build/faereld.png
    :target: http://faereld.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: http://scieldas.autophagy.io/travis/build/autophagy/faereld.png
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/autophagy/faereld
    :alt: Build Status

.. image:: https://scieldas.autophagy.io/lgtm/grade/python/autophagy/faereld.png
    :target: https://lgtm.com/projects/g/autophagy/scieldas)
    :alt: LGTM Grade

.. image:: https://scieldas.autophagy.io/misc/styles/black.png
    :target: https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/
    :alt: Black

.. image:: https://scieldas.autophagy.io/misc/licenses/mit.png
   :target: LICENSE
   :alt: MIT License

Færeld is a tool to facilitate time tracking of what I'm working on.
Goal is to then visualise this data in Hrǽw and use that to examine and
optimise what I spend my time on.

Documentation is available on `ReadTheDocs`_.

.. image:: seonu/_static/faereld.png
    :alt: faereld-screenshot
    :align: center

Installation
============

Færeld requires python >= 3.6.

Via The Repo
-------------

To install Færeld::

    pip install --user faereld

You can now run Færeld via ``faereld insert``.


.. _ReadTheDocs: https://faereld.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Commit message:

Added faereld logo and extended description

README.rst, after:

.. image:: seonu/_static/github-header.png
    :alt: faereld-logo
    :align: center


.. image:: http://scieldas.autophagy.io/rtd/build/faereld.png
    :target: http://faereld.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: http://scieldas.autophagy.io/travis/build/autophagy/faereld.png
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/autophagy/faereld
    :alt: Build Status

.. image:: https://scieldas.autophagy.io/lgtm/grade/python/autophagy/faereld.png
    :target: https://lgtm.com/projects/g/autophagy/scieldas)
    :alt: LGTM Grade

.. image:: https://scieldas.autophagy.io/misc/styles/black.png
    :target: https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/
    :alt: Black

.. image:: https://scieldas.autophagy.io/misc/licenses/mit.png
   :target: LICENSE
   :alt: MIT License


Færeld is a CLI tool to to track time spent on productive activites in order to
visualise, integrate and optimise that time. It is focused primarily on tracking
time spent on Project work (such as research, design, development, etc), but can
be configured to track any arbitrary task-area over any arbitrary project or
subject.

Documentation is available on `ReadTheDocs`_.

.. image:: seonu/_static/faereld.png
    :alt: faereld-screenshot
    :align: center

Installation
============

Færeld requires python >= 3.6.

Via The Repo
-------------

To install Færeld::

    pip install --user faereld

You can now run Færeld via ``faereld insert``.


.. _ReadTheDocs: https://faereld.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
