seonu/usage/modes.rst, before:

=====
Modes
=====

Færeld has 3 usage modes: ``summary``, ``projects`` and ``insert``.

Summary Mode
============

Summary mode can be used via:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ faereld summary

Summary mode will print several summaries of the available Færeld data
including:

- Summary of total days, entries and hours logged.
- Bar graph of total time logged per area.
- Box plot diagram of entry time distribution per area (except ``IRL``).
- The last 10 entries logged.

Projects Mode
=============

Projects mode can be used via:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ faereld projects

Projects mode will print a summary of the total time logged per project.

Insert Mode
===========

Insert mode can be used via:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ faereld insert

Færeld will first ask you to choose the area that the current task belongs to.
For a list of areas and their explainations, see the :doc:`areas` documentation.

.. code-block:: none

    [ Areas :: RES // DES // DEV // DOC // TST // IRL // RDG // LNG ]
    Area :: DEV

If the chosen area is a project specific one (``RES``, ``DES``, ``DEV``, ``DOC``
or ``TST``) then you will be asked to enter the project that this task belongs
to. These projects can be defined in the :doc:`configuration`.

.. code-block:: none

    [ Objects :: faereld // insegel // datarum // aerende // antimber // hraew ]
    Object :: faereld

If the area is a non-project specific one, then you will be prompted to just
fill out the name of whatever the task is. If you already have tasks logged
for a non-project area, Færeld will provide a list of the last 5 (by default)
unique tasks added to it, which can be selected via entering the key of that
entry. The number of tasks returned can be modified in the :doc:`configuration`.

.. code-block:: none

    Last 5 RDG Objects ::

    [0] Benjamin H. Bratton's The Stack: On Software and Sovereignty
    [1] Reza Negarestani's Cyclonopedia: Complicity with Anonymous Materials
    [2] Manuel DeLanda's Assemblage Theory
    [3] Herman Meville's Moby Dick
    [4] Jorge Luis Borges' Fictions

    Object :: [0]

You will then be asked to enter the start and end datetime of the task. This
task must be in form ``Day Short-Month Year // 24H.M``. For example, a task
beginning on the 3rd of December 2017 at 10pm should be entered as:

.. code-block:: none

    From :: 03 Dec 2017 // 22.00

Similar rules apply if using Wending mode dates, which are disabled by default.
To quickly input the current date and time, regardless of which date mode you
are using, enter ``now``:

.. code-block:: none

    From :: now

Commit message:

Update documentation with new mode, config options and screenshots

seonu/usage/modes.rst, after:

=====
Modes
=====

Færeld has 4 usage modes: ``summary``, ``projects``, ``productivity`` and
``insert``.

Summary Mode
============

.. image:: ../_static/summary-mode.jpg
    :alt: An example of summary mode.
    :align: center

Summary mode can be used via:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ faereld summary

Summary mode will print several summaries of the available Færeld data
including:

- Summary of total days, entries and hours logged.
- Bar graph of total time logged per area.
- Box plot diagram of entry time distribution per area (except ``IRL``).
- The last 10 entries logged.

Projects Mode
=============

.. image:: ../_static/projects-mode.jpg
    :alt: An example of projects mode.
    :align: center

Projects mode can be used via:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ faereld projects

Projects mode will print a summary of the total time logged per project.

Productivity Mode
=================

.. image:: ../_static/productivity-mode.jpg
    :alt: An example of productivity mode.
    :align: center

Productivity mode can be used via:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ faereld productivity

Productivity mode will print a summary of the total time logged per day of
the week and total time logged per hour of the day.

Insert Mode
===========

.. image:: ../_static/insert-mode.jpg
    :alt: An example of insert mode.
    :align: center

Insert mode can be used via:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ faereld insert

Færeld will first ask you to choose the area that the current task belongs to.
For a list of areas and their explainations, see the :doc:`areas` documentation.

.. code-block:: none

    [ Areas :: RES // DES // DEV // DOC // TST // IRL // RDG // LNG ]
    Area :: DEV

If the chosen area is a project specific one (``RES``, ``DES``, ``DEV``, ``DOC``
or ``TST``) then you will be asked to enter the project that this task belongs
to. These projects can be defined in the :doc:`configuration`.

.. code-block:: none

    [ Objects :: faereld // insegel // datarum // aerende // antimber // hraew ]
    Object :: faereld

If the area is a non-project specific one, then you will be prompted to just
fill out the name of whatever the task is. If you already have tasks logged
for a non-project area, Færeld will provide a list of the last 5 (by default)
unique tasks added to it, which can be selected via entering the key of that
entry. The number of tasks returned can be modified in the :doc:`configuration`.

.. code-block:: none

    Last 5 RDG Objects ::

    [0] Benjamin H. Bratton's The Stack: On Software and Sovereignty
    [1] Reza Negarestani's Cyclonopedia: Complicity with Anonymous Materials
    [2] Manuel DeLanda's Assemblage Theory
    [3] Herman Meville's Moby Dick
    [4] Jorge Luis Borges' Fictions

    Object :: [0]

You will then be asked to enter the start and end datetime of the task. This
task must be in form ``Day Short-Month Year // 24H.M``. For example, a task
beginning on the 3rd of December 2017 at 10pm should be entered as:

.. code-block:: none

    From :: 03 Dec 2017 // 22.00

Similar rules apply if using Wending mode dates, which are disabled by default.
To quickly input the current date and time, regardless of which date mode you
are using, enter ``now``:

.. code-block:: none

    From :: now
